we have another pretty good weapon on
the playoffs or worse because playoffs
are came about using seven roadster so
whenever we are behind what we need to
shake it up we can ever stopping in like
two different players what's the end of
week eight of the NA LCS I'm joined
right now by reapered following cloud
nines very very confident win over team
liquid of course coverage presented by
Omni slash reapered a lot of people when
you announced this last night I went to
the right at thread and it B goes oh my
god why is he doing this why don't we
just play with the roster that we've
been with but you obviously it worked
out so maybe you can explain why you did
this forest alone so basically you guys
can so I mean can see the match so we
are keep trying to kill Hobart all right
so blah Brian Jensen they are playing
like the barrier guys to be jungler
style and right now for now Jensen
giving him to support like as a champion
wise then so he can about some freedom
but opposite way golden with a span is
Gordon is asking a lot of resource
himself for the LAN Kingdom so which is
like poverty is like Tata in the lane
and equity he's pretty good jungler but
I do think they are really part focused
teams right now so alright let's kill me
over and over and over again I know if I
open kindred you gotta be able to take
it and I know you guys are not gonna ban
Leigh at the first round so yeah we have
a combination match make sure bottom is
safe when we release Indra Lane Kingdom
we're gonna keep killing you again and
it worked
were you worried at all because if it
didn't work people would say what are
they doing like just play with the
players that are winning and and it
worked today but maybe it wouldn't have
worked
were you worried at all about that well
I mean a bit for the players mentality
not for me because I do my job for not
scaring anything of a fans reaction
because if I thinks it's high percentage
stretch for the win I do my job well and
because and you got a lot of flack
commits from the community because you
made the controversial roster change at
the beginning of the split do you feel
like now we're seeing the results of
that change because it a lot it was like
all these losses and people started
right off clinic now I think you guys
look really good I'm talking to teams
that say cloud 9 is maybe the best or
one of the best and na LCS so do you
feel like the success you are having now
is because of the losses and the
struggle you went through in the
beginning of the split yeah what course
cuz we have a blubber and Jays are four
remain lost all right now which day was
playing Academy so we are shake it up
and then my original players sneaky and
Jensen asked me about Oh what about
playing with the Zeta is pretty good
like this kind of strength yep and what
about playing with the blubber hear
about these kind of strings and probably
you can see how fields go
then I was check it up and testing it
out it worked then like a lot of like
haze or like on me because of the
decision it's understandable because I
have all the informations and the fans
don't buy any information they can
judging on the based on resort
so it's understand everything is fair
enough for each others but yeah so
that's why I was tweeting out last night
because I don't care about get Sheeran
but I was feel like oh maybe in this
season Oh
the coaches are getting fired and like
so many dramas in the Nara
but I assumed because the coaches are
not speaking up to why you decide this
way or why we have this problem why we
cannot fix our weaknesses yet like
something like that so which is fair
because if coaches are not speaking at
all then they will get shiron from the
people and they will lost the respect
and they will get fired that's what I'm
understanding right now so I was I mean
I don't get fired right obviously
because the order our staffs and players
are supporting me so it's still good to
have the communication with the audience
so that they understand right yeah yeah
one question I wanted to ask you about
his golden glue because for years we've
been hearing ogle and glue gloom god
he's a scrim god etc we've seen him on
stage a lot to split obviously you know
leading to some very successful games
what do you think about golden glues
progress right now it's been pretty good
and he's one of the most improved player
in our roster like 10 minister with the
cvennes karen so yeah they are really
stepping up and they are really good
position in the league of legends right
now I mean in a recess right now so yeah
we can from today's success we have
another pretty good weapon on the
playoffs or worse because playoffs are
can about using seven roster so whenever
we are behind what we need to shake it
up we can ever stopping in like two
different players and we can change our
mood or yeah you know it's pretty good
so yesterday interviewed prolly another
coach and he I said to him I feel like
right now
every starting tomorrow every coach in
every region is going to have a really
big challenge which is making sure this
happens every two years around this time
that their roster doesn't fall apart
because people play World of Warcraft
and so I I am curious how are you how
are you and I've heard a lot that cloud9
really likes well certainly meteos
places a ton not a cloud anymore but for
McLeod any player playing with him
yesterday so well how are you going to
make sure that cloud 9 stays good
despite battle for Azeroth oh that's
real fun so we were pretty good spot for
fighting for address you know because
our players are keep leveling up on the
Wow in the other world and they are be
ready for fight but obviously we have a
that reduce I mean we have a remittitur
you know anytime obviously everyone else
everyone know and also we have a Saluki
numbers based on our scream games so
there is like super little bit time for
playing some other games so which is
fair enough for the everyone because we
are we need to prepare our playoffs and
Wars and also we need to prepare for
better for our zeroes - yeah very good
glad to hear that that's happening I I'm
excited to see how cloud 9 fares I think
this is a struggle all the teams will
face I know I've heard even like LPL
teams have had issues with this in the
past people love to play World of
Warcraft
is there anything that you want to say
to any of the cloud9 fans especially
after such a crazy season for cloud 9 oh
yeah so
thanks for the keep loading us even we
are started to behind like super bottom
but yeah we are come back and looks like
we are as strong as the team right now
good thank you so much reaper 2 for the
interview best luck in Azeroth for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel
it's nice thing that Omni slash is still
written on this microphone because it
means that at least someone's giving
Travis money to afford things like food
rent mainly to keep them off of my couch
and out of my life so please continue to
help support him in doing that like
subscribe comment do whatever it is that
he needs you to do support him